# Pirates Without Plunder Session Thirteen
#pwp #session #christmas 

``` 20250118```
## Previously...
[Last Session](Pirates%20Without%20Plunder%20Session%20012.md), [we](Players%20and%20Their%20Characters.md) attempted to get [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) out of lockup, discovered a merc team hitting the [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md), knocking out the power to the [In Processing node](Welcome%20Center%20Site%20In%20Processing%20Node.md) and possibly other areas of the [Welcome Center](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md), killed the staff of the [Welcome Center In Processing node](Welcome%20Center%20Site%20In%20Processing%20Node.md), and escaped.

[We](Players%20and%20Their%20Characters.md) teleported back to the [Cambrian - Free Merchant](Cambrian%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) as soon as the hit team passed our location and discussed what we knew, what we would have discovered in bound, etc.  before deciding to teleport back to the holding cell in the [Welcome Center In Processing node](Welcome%20Center%20Site%20In%20Processing%20Node.md).  Stashed [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) back in the cell so no one would know you had left.  Searching the interrogation/holding area of the [In Processing node](Welcome%20Center%20Site%20In%20Processing%20Node.md), you discovered body near a door, grabbed the [stun pistol](stun%20pistol.md), id badge, and [flash light](flash%20light.md). You discovered another body near the desk by the front door with the same items (id badge, [stun pistol](stun%20pistol.md), and [flash light](flash%20light.md)).  [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) hacked into the computers in the comms area to discover that the system is air gapped and [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) discovered a code on the board in the break room that turned out to be the door code.  Back at the door at the back of the holding area, you drew the symbols of the code on the pad when prompted and it let you through the door.

The door lead you to the [Nawzira Personnel Transport System](Nawzira%20Personnel%20Transport%20System.md), which you figured out pretty quickly and used it to get to the impound lot.  The impound lot turned out to be a small subsection of the [Staging Area node](Welcome%20Center%20Site%20Staging%20Area%20Node.md) and you quickly identified [Emilio's](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) ship from his description and [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) started walking across to it.  [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) were intercepted by a very polite internal worker (black uniform) who asked about your liaison and offered to escort you back to [In Processing](Welcome%20Center%20Site%20In%20Processing%20Node.md).

We ended the session as [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) and his escort approached the door to the [PTS](Nawzira%20Personnel%20Transport%20System.md).

## Motivations

- [Nico Santero - NPC](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) - Stuck in a stasis pod on his ship where he was locked away by whoever he was dealing with in the attempt to recover the PreTech vault key.  The person called him a fool, told him that he is chasing his tail looking for a PreTech Vault but that the [](Suns%20Of%20Gold.md#**The%20Exchange%20of%20Light**) once had an Exchange Consolate on [Nawzira - Planet](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md) and he was going to find it.
- [Emilio Alcazar - NPC](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) - here to work on the release of his friend [Nico Santero - NPC](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) and they were working to recover the key to a PreTech vault
- [The Copperheads](The%20Copperheads.md) - are here to find the key to the PreTech vault believed to be on the [Merry Mariner](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md)  One of their members stole the [Merry Mariner](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) and stashed it in the [](Welcome%20Center%20Site%20Staging%20Area%20Node.md#Holding%20Area|Holding%20Area) before being caught and imprisoned.
- [Finders Keepers](Finders%20Keepers.md) - are here trying to find the [Merry Mariner](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) and have stumbled onto the possibility that it is here.


## What Happened
- We started the session as [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) and his escort approached the door.  As they walked through, [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) stunned the guy for a total of 14 minutes sleepy time and then they sent him on a trip to the far side of the planet using PTS.   He'd probably wake up before he got there but they expect him to arrive back before they left the area.
- After taking care of [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md)'s escort, [Leon](Leon%20Ardo%20-%20PC.md) teleported over to the nose of [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md)'s ship and then teleported into the cockpit. The ship was powered down but, [Leon](Leon%20Ardo%20-%20PC.md) had the skill to turn on the internal power, check logs, unlock hatches, etc. He didn't actually start the ship but was able to look around the ship, find the container that Emilio had told him contained the gate alteration devices, but wasn't really able to find anything else of use. He unlocked the external door and then powered the ship back down and teleported back to where the others were.
- [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md), [Leon](Leon%20Ardo%20-%20PC.md), and [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) went back to [Emilio's](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) ship where [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) hacked into the ship's computer and discovered nothing of interest.  Hacking into the [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md), he figured out that [Emilio's](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md)  ship was in impound only because [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md)  was in lockup because he had brought in something illegal.  The ship had been there only a couple of days. [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) also discovered the location of the [Merry Mariner](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) and. eventually he discovered the location of [Nico Santero's](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) ship, "The Slay".
- [Leon](Leon%20Ardo%20-%20PC.md) teleported over to [Nico Santero's](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) newly located ship, teleported into the interior and looked around.  He discovered a stasis chamber that was powered by a separate power unit.  Bringing [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) over, they discovered several things:
	- That the ship had been moved here, powered up for a short time and powered back down a few weeks ago.
	- That about the same time, [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) had scheduled a conference room here in the [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md) to meet with someone named [Leroy Jones](Leroy%20Jones%20-%20NPC.md).
	- They also discovered that the person in the stasis chamber was [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) and that he had been there since the time that the ship had been powered up.
	- Upon reviving [Nico Santero - NPC](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md), they discovered that he had been stabbed and teleported him back to the [Cambrian - Free Merchant](Cambrian%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) where they could get [Elias](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) to heal him to keep him alive.
	- After healing him, [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) told them about meeting with [Leroy Jones](Leroy%20Jones%20-%20NPC.md) to discuss the location of a PreTech Vault on [Nawzira - Planet](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md).  [Leroy](Leroy%20Jones%20-%20NPC.md) told [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) that he was wrong, that it was an Exchange Consolate Vault just before he stabbed him and left him to die.
- While all that stuff on [Nico's](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) ship was going on, [Elias](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) popped back over to the [Merry Mariner](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md),  wiped out the team from [The Copperheads](The%20Copperheads.md) that was rifling the contents of the ship's hold trying to get the key that they thought was for a [](STARS%20WITHOUT%20NUMBER,%20FREE%20EDITION%20-%20obsidian.md#Pretech,%20Psitech,%20and%20the%20Gates|PreTech) vault then Elias continued searching where he had found [The Copperheads](The%20Copperheads.md) searching eventually deciding that it was a no win situation. He started looking in areas like the captain's quarters, engineering, and other locations that were possibly a better chance to find it. He eventually found it near the data core just plugged into the data core. He went back to the [Cambrian](Cambrian%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) and got [LJS](Long%20John%20Silver%20-%20NPC.md) and got [LJS](Long%20John%20Silver%20-%20NPC.md) to do some hacking. They discovered the key was undetectable by the data core so while they had the key, they couldn't tell what was on it or what it was for. [Elias](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) held on to it and they went back to the [Cambrian](Cambrian%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md).
- At some point during all this excitement Sal had been poking around in the. [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md) computer system, and he discovered that he could change the logical boundary between the holding area and the impound area So he moved the line such that the sleigh and the Roxbury which. are [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) and Emilio Alvarez ships respectively. effectively making them free for the taking just by signing for them.
- Then he realized that this was going to be a really good situation. So because in processing was shut down due to the shootings, he took pits and went to the secondary in processing station, which is roughly halfway across the planet. Upon arrival at the secondary processing station, he attempted to sign for the two ships. He was told that the [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md) was in lockdown and that he would not be able to sign for the ships until the the hold had been released but he was welcome to come back and try again once that locked down was lifted.
- [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) decided to head back to [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md), but upon. trying that destination in pits, he was told that it was not currently available and that he should try another destination. He did find that the Landing Site Node of [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md) was still active, so he went back to the [Cambrian](Cambrian%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md).
- After everyone was back at the [Cambrian](Cambrian%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) and we revived [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md). We found out from him what was going on with [Leroy Jones](Leroy%20Jones%20-%20NPC.md). We also discovered that even though he didn't have his compad that he assumed that [Leroy Jones](Leroy%20Jones%20-%20NPC.md) had taken it and could use it to discover what [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) had discovered about the location of the vault. [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) said, that if he could get into the [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md) computer system, he could recover the information that had led him to believe that he knew where the vault was.
- At this point, [PWP](Players%20and%20Their%20Characters.md) told [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) that the [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md) was in lockdown. He told them that based off of prior experience, once it goes into lockdown, it's going to take roughly a week before that lockdown will be lifted. So they're not getting into the computer or not easily getting into the [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md) anytime before that. However he could almost certainly use any computer at almost any other site on the planet to hack in and do the same thing that he had done at [Welcome Center Site](Welcome%20Center%20Site.md). 
- When [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) and [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) attempted to leave the Landing Area Node they discovered that [PTS](Nawzira%20Personnel%20Transport%20System.md) is one way to this node and they would have to find another way to get to a working computer system.
- That's where we wrapped up the night.
- The reason that Leroy and Nico were meeting is because they had run into each other on the message. Eric's correction. The vault hunters message board and in the process thinks that each of them 
- Anyway, between the two of them discussing things on the vault Hunter's message board, they decided that they should get together on [Nawzira](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md) and discuss it in person and they might possibly find things on the computer system that you can only access from on planet that might lead them further. So that's why they were meeting in that conference room.  So when they got to [Nawzira - Planet](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md) they met on [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md)'s ship. [Leroy](Leroy%20Jones%20-%20NPC.md) stabbed Nico and took his compad.
