# Pirates Without Plunder Session Twelve
#pwp #session #christmas 

`20241219`
## Previously...
[Last Session](Pirates%20Without%20Plunder%20Session%20011.md), [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) received a directive from his mom, [Nadia Maroni - NPC](Nadia%20Maroni%20-%20NPC.md), telling him to get to [Nawzira - Planet](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md) to get his cousin [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) out of lockup.  They took a job transporting [Jason Statham - NPC](Jason%20Statham%20-%20NPC.md) and dropped him off on [Fatima - Planet](Fatima%20-%20Planet.md) where they heard something (Christmas ship stolen) about the [Merry Mariner - Free Merchant](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) along the way.  I heavy handedly encouraged them to continue extracting [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) from his predicament.

## What is actually going on
- The [Merry Mariner - Free Merchant](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) was stolen because there is a "present" on board that is thought to contain information about the ***"finish here"***

### Add more details here
* Two teams besides [PWP](Players%20and%20Their%20Characters.md) that are attempting to get to the [Merry Mariner - Free Merchant](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md)
1. Using the Artic suits but missing the fact that the shoes are the indicator of which zone you're supposed to be in
2. Plan to kill the power to the complex which happens to include the lockup where [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) is being held. 

### Notes
 * Container on [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md)'s ship containing the gait modification `X3167`
 * 12 digit security code for 4 hours (fortunately the last code stays once the system goes down)
 * Tonight's session started out in the cell where  [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) was being held. They were trying to figure out if they could use their capacity as his legal representative to get access to the ship and they were not able to do that when the lights went out. The lights went out because another team (Paramilitary) who was trying to find the Christmas ship the [Merry Mariner - Free Merchant](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) were doing their bit to break in to the planetary scale Warehouse. The other team had determined that the Welcome Center, as we're calling it, where people are escorted upon entrance and possibly detained if needed. They saw this as a weak point, the Welcome Center in addition to being where they hold people when they break the rules. It's actually where you report in as a like a starship Captain or whatever when you come here to make your deliveries and stuff like that. It's it's called The Welcome Center cuz this is where everybody comes. Anyway, the lights went out they couldn't get out
 * [Leon](Leon%20Ardo%20-%20PC.md) was out in the waiting room of the Welcome Center. When the lights went out he went and tried to talk to somebody that was at the front desk. They were obviously freaking out over the fact that the power went out and that their system seemed to be down and they weren't sure how they should handle that. They asked her to return to the waiting area and be patient 
 * Since nobody was paying attention,  [Leon](Leon%20Ardo%20-%20PC.md) went back into the holding area. He heard banging on the door so he went and found out that it was [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) and that [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) was in there with him so he opened the door and let him out. It was only locked from the inside not the outside. He could just open the door. 
 * As they were waiting or as they were getting out of the interrogation area they heard footsteps. They could see the security guard walking off in the distance but they could hear other well actually since they saw him walking away, they turned and went the other direction 
 * They went around and on the other side on one hallway was the interrogation areas. The next hallway down was actually the holding cells and said they saw us a couple of people in the holding cells that were asking what was going on and then they heard footsteps coming in the this direction. The direction towards them I guess is what I'm saying and then they heard what sounded like muffled gunshots and like a body falling. So they dashed back around and hid in the dark in the hallway on in front of the interrogation room that they had been in 
 * Four people went by in front of them that were wearing black. Not really tactical gear but gear that would definitely make him stealthy in a dark environment. They had night vision goggles. They didn't actually see the weapons, but they assumed that they were carrying weapons since they just heard gunshots and they passed by in front of them and didn't even look their way as they headed back to the help desk of the welcome center 
 * Soon after those guys went past, our team [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md),  [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) and  [Leon](Leon%20Ardo%20-%20PC.md). as soon as they heard the guys go by then they heard more gunshots and they heard bodies falling and it got quiet out in the waiting area. This is the point at which they decided that they would teleport back to the ship 
 * Once they got back to the ship they told everything that they had heard and we did some decision making. They realized that coming here they would have done some research and found out about the planet and we also decided that upon discovering that with [Papadoudou - Planet](Papadoudou%20-%20Planet.md) to be destroyed and that Pre-Tech was only going to be the only way to save it, that  [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) and [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) probably would have done some research and tried to find out how other people would have attempted to solve this problem in the past. In other words, don't reinvent they will see what worked and what didn't work for other people 
 * They found out about the vault Hunter message board on the equivalent of the dark web. They were unable to get into it but they know of its existence and they may eventually get access. Anyway, they weren't able to find out the messages had gone out on that board and that's why there were people here that the messages indicated that something that would lead to a Pre-Tech vault was stored here. That's why there are other teams here. They only know of the one they don't know if the second team anyway 
 * Our adventurers decided that they were going to come back and this was after way too much discussion. Decided they were going to go back to the holding cell where they started and then they were going to either put  [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) back so that there won't be any indication that somebody's trying to break in and get stuff because he's in his interrogation cell and then they were going to try to get information. They're going to try to figure this out 
 * When they got back they discovered that it was super quiet. Joe [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) went down and started trying to investigate. See if you could find out what was down the hall on the holding cell wing. He went down there and discovered the body that heard gunshots and I thought they heard a body fog. If he found the body found a door that had a keypad. Once he left he found he went back and rolled the body over. Got his stun gun and it had a stun pistol. He had a ID badge and he had a flashlight. Those are the things that he took off the body. He tried the badge at the keypad when it prompt prompted for a code. He didn't know what butt so he just walked away while he was doing that. The rest of the team was helping  [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) get back into a cell, get a shirt take the shirt that he got while on the ship and get his shirt that ain't thrown over the camera and put it back on 
 * While [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) had been down investigating the holding cell side. Once they got  [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) in the cell, no name had gone over and investigated the gone back towards the help desk. Found the body of a security guard found that he had a badge. AAA stun pistol and a flashlight just like the other guy 
 * As this the timing was such that no name finished. Rolling this guy over about the same time that [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) came back from doing the same with the other security guard. [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) started going towards the help desk. He was going to head back in the back see if he could get a code, see if it was written down anywhere or whatever. And as he walked past up past the desk, he happened to glance and see a guy sitting in a chair spinning bored out of his skull. 
 * He fired the stun gun and knocked the guy out with one shot for three times his hit dice the guy was out. He didn't kill him but he is definitely out. This guy was one of the ones with the night vision glasses and the dark suit so they took his compad and his night vision glasses. They're very small high-tech compared to what we have today. We would consider super high tech but they were actually relatively small and not that obvious.
 * [Leon](Leon%20Ardo%20-%20PC.md) and [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) went to get [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) and he started trying to hack into the computer. As he began his hack, he discovered that the whole system was wide open already. Apparently something about this power loss had left the system open and available to entry.  Also, as [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) was looking around trying to see if he could find the code to get in the door, he found a 12-digit code just written up in the corner of the smart board (much higher tech than today's Smart boards). No markings; nothing to say why it was there. It was the code to the door .
 * In the process of looking into the system, they found out that the welcome system is not connected to the remainder of the planetary system. It's air gapped so while they could see the welcome center and they could see the impound yard and effectively the initial staging area, we were calling it the impound yard during the game. It's actually the state that the this group thinks of it is the staging area and I couldn't think of that word so I didn't say it. But this is the staging area. That's all you can see. The rest of it is air gept and you can't get to it 
 * So they went back to the door that [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) had found and when he put his badge in again this time it came up and said that there had been one failed attempt and then when it prompted for the code it turns out you have to draw the symbols on the pad you don't. There's no pad. You just draw the symbols on the pad and once he drew the symbols from the code on the pad, the door opened or that turns out that door goes to the effectively. The planetary personal transport system and it's just designed for a small number of people. It's designed for the the workers to get in and around the the warehouse which is planetarium size. So it it's like a people mover at the airport except you know way more high-tech than that but effectively something similar to that 
 * You put your code in or actually it's got like a search function so you can like just type in where you want to go or you can talk to it and you can tell it where you want to go or it actually has a menu system where you can drop down the menu and search and look for it that way. So it's very user-friendly and you get to decide how you want to use it 
 * So they started out by saying I want to go see. I want to go to where [Nico Santero - NPC](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) is.   That didn't work so then they tried impound lot which took them to the staging area they call it the staging area anyway so they all stepped on to the pad and put it in or onto the transport system and put it into the pad and it whisk them away. When they got to the far end there was another gap in the rails and another pad when once you stepped off the transport there was a pad that looked just like the one that is on the starting end and there was a door and that was it. ([Personnel Transport System](Nawzira%20Personnel%20Transport%20System.md)).
 * Well when they cracked the door open and looked out. It turns out it was the what they called the impound yard. It's the staging yard staging yard was roughly the size of four football fields. 2x2
 * Emilio had described his ship to them in detail. They knew the model. They knew the color. They knew the tail number all kinds of information about it. And so as soon as they looked through the door,  Sal went. That's it right there cuz you know he's an expert. He's a mechanic. He's worked on these things. He immediately identified it across the way it was of course like almost all the way across the area from the door. Well Benny decided to go by himself. He was going to walk over there and with purpose and act like he knew where he was going and they were going to just go see if they could get into. a mechanic. He's worked on these things. He immediately identified it across the way it was of course like almost all the way across the area from the door. Well Benny decided to go by himself. He was going to walk over there and with purpose and act like he knew where he was going and they we're going to just go get into the ship 
 * Halfway there they were stopped by someone in the standard dark coveralls of the internal workers. The not the white Arctic gear, cold weather gear of the outside workers 
 * This gentleman was very polite but he's also he was spouting regulations. He was shocked when [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) mentioned the possibility of being there without his liaison and when [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) mentioned that this guy could escort them, he was like no he doesn't have the authorizations. That's why they have the the liaisons in the liaisons has special authorizations to be able to do stuff like that. And he was going to sense the regulation say that since he 
 * Since he was the one that discovered them, he was the one that had to escort them back to the welcome center and so he was in the process of doing that. They got back to the door that goes out to the transport system about the point where they were about to meet the rest of the gang when we stopped the session and called the night
 * I forgot to mention that when they knocked the guy out in the welcome center they took his compad. These guys had a special app open. When they got the com pad open. They had a special application that they were using. They were identifying each other's with numbers. The guy that we knocked out was five and three had accidentally referred to somebody as Barry. He was immediately corrected by his teammates but we don't know much 
 * They talked about having met objectives 1, 2, 3, and 4 and that they were or no. They had met objectives one two and three and they were working on objective four and they had really good operational awareness and they had very good communications discipline so we don't know much about what's going on 
 * [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) mentioned wanting to teleport to the ship and then teleport to the interior 

## 
- The unit that PWP encountered is paramilitary very professional vault hunters 
 - The cold weather suit hijackers are [college kids](College%20Kids.md) who are bumbling around trying to find the [Christmas ship](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) 
