# Pirates Without Plunder Session Eleven

#pwp #session #christmas 

`20241205`
## Previously...
[Last Session](Pirates%20Without%20Plunder%20Session%20010.md), [the players](Players%20and%20Their%20Characters.md) went down to [Salima Teji](Salima%20Teji%20-%20Planet.md) to a bunker on the opposite side of the world from where the refugees are being dropped off.  After investigation for which I've lost the notes, they decided to use the bunker for their own purposes and head back up to the [Oodnadatta 7 - Space Station](Oodnadatta%207%20-%20Space%20Station.md).

## The Christmas Special
* Begin the session with leveling up everyone
* [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md)'s mother left many messages for him on [Oodnadatta 7 - Space Station](Oodnadatta%207%20-%20Space%20Station.md) while they were down on [Salima Teji](Salima%20Teji%20-%20Planet.md). The gist of the messages are "Your cousin [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) got himself locked up on [Nawzira](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md).  You have a ship.  Get over there and get him out!  Don't even consider coming home for Christmas dinner without him. Oh, love you."
	* [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md)'s mother is [Nadia Maroni - NPC](Nadia%20Maroni%20-%20NPC.md) of the [Maroni family](Maroni%20family.md)
	* [Emilio Salizar](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) is not the idiot that most of the family thinks he is.  He's actually quite brilliant, but he maintains the appearance because it causes people to underestimate him.
	* [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) was on his way to [Nawzira](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md) because [Nico Santero - NPC](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) had asked for help with something.  [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) and [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) have been close friends for a very long time and [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) is treated like a member of the [Maroni family](Maroni%20family.md).  [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) and [Benny](Benito%20Benny%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md) 
* Gate alteration [](STARS%20WITHOUT%20NUMBER,%20FREE%20EDITION#Pretech,%20Psitech,%20and%20the%20Gates|Pretech) devices that [Emilio Alcazar - NPC](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) has on the ship he used to arrive on [Nawzira - Planet](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md) which was impounded due to violation of some law that [Emilio Alcazar - NPC](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) was unaware of.
* Actually here to break [Nico Santero - NPC](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) out of lockup and release his ship that is owned by [Santos Accelerated Non-Euclidean Transport Associates (SANTA)](Santos%20Accelerated%20Non-Euclidean%20Transport%20Associates%20(SANTA).md)
* When in the cold weather gear, the color of the shoes indicates which division the person is from.

## What they actually did
* The gang returned from their [Salima Teji](Salima%20Teji%20-%20Planet.md) bunker to discover that [Sal](Salizar%20Sal%20Maroni%20-%20PC.md)
* I randomly rolled 61 to get the following adventure seed: A Friend has a cranky, temperamental artificial heart installed, and the doctor who put it in is the only one who really understands how it works. The heart has recently started to stutter, but the doctor has vanished. An Enemy has snatched him to fit his elite assassins with very unsafe combat mods.
* 
	* Jason Statham  is paying 10K CR for a stasis chamber and transport to Fatima
	* Departing the hospital room there were gunshots
	* - My jerk of a mom seems to think she can order us around and tell me to go get [Cousin Emilio](Cousin%20Emilio) out of jail
- that dumbass emilio got arrested in a different system, so we'll need to jump there
- We're going to take a guy who needs a heart transplant (named [Jason Statham - NPC](Jason%20Statham%20-%20NPC.md)) there so we make money on the way
- we need to hop to an adjacent planet to get a cryostasis chamber to keep him alive until we get him there
- Some people shoot up the hospital, me and David's character fight them while Mary and Jimmy's characters get Jason Statham out of there via psionic teleportation
- We talk to the cops and don't get arrested, and threaten the constable so he doesn't get our contact info
- We go to the eugenics cult on the planet next door to buy a cryostasis pod
- We put the guy in stasis and go to [Fatima - Planet](Fatima%20-%20Planet.md) in the [Thora - System](Thora%20-%20System.md).
- We hear about a spaceship called the [Merry Mariner - Free Merchant](Merry%20Mariner%20-%20Free%20Merchant.md) that has gone missing. It disappeared from the [Layla 2 - Space Station](Layla%202%20-%20Space%20Station.md) near the planet [Fatima - Planet](Fatima%20-%20Planet.md).
- We drop off [Jason Statham - NPC](Jason%20Statham%20-%20NPC.md) and head to [Nawzira - Planet](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md) to break [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) out of jail (we tried to bail, but apparently the ship stuff has to do with Emilio, so felt forced to do so)
- [Nawzira - Planet](Nawzira%20-%20Planet.md) is known for having very strict laws. It's an ice planet that has banned AI after having an AI rebellion awhile back.
- We can go down to see him and find out what he did, we do that
- [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) says that another cousin named [Nico Santero - NPC](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md) got arrested too
- Sal and Benny agree to be [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md)'s legal representatives
-  [Nico](Nico%20Santero%20-%20NPC.md)  has a map to the vault, so we need to find him and break him out. [Emilio](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) has some disguise stuff on his ship, we can use that to sneak around
Okay, so once the party came back from Selena teji they discovered that Nadine sells mom had left a bunch of messages for him and effectively the messages said get your butt over to nazira and get your cousin Emilio out of lockup and if you can't do that then don't bother coming home for Christmas dinner. So the players decided they weren't going to deadhead from Selena teji over to. They weren't going to deadhead from Selena teji to nausea. Joe, they were looking for a job. Well they found that there was someone in a field hospital on  [Salima Teji](app://obsidian.md/Salima%20Teji%20-%20Planet) that field hospital or I shouldn't call it a field hospital. It was a hospital on the planet and it would be the equivalent of what we would a modern day to us Field hospital and the person that's there. Keith artificial heart is failing in that field. Hospital is not equipped to deal with it so they were going to transport him and get paid for transporting him to Fatima which is in the same system as nausea. So they get paid for you know the journey which is what their goal was if they usually try to get paid. Well when we were talking about the artificial heart failing they got started talking about the movie crank and how Jason Statham was trying to keep his heart going cuz he'd been poisoned and he had to keep his adrenaline up to keep to stay because everybody knew who that was. Anyway, they in the process of getting out of there they heard gunshots joe. I knew the character's name and I will think of it in a week. The character's name is totally escaping face but anyway Mary's character. I'll say it that way. Mary's character and Benny Jimmy's character teleported back to the ship with Jason and sal and David's character who is also escaping me right now and I don't know why it's making n****** but anyway they were going to test out their new armor so they went to go see what was going on with the gunshots unbeknownst to them it had nothing to do with Jason or nothing to do with what they were doing. Pat didn't matter. They took on the fire team that was shooting up. The hospital took them out. Got out of there. The team made the transit to Fatima dropped off Jason Statham in the process they heard about. Then they heard the new story about The disappearance of the Christmas show. The Christmas ship is a free merchant class ship. Todd collects packages all year and then on Christmas day runs around the thorous system and drops off presents for underprivileged kids 

There are such things as vault, hunters or vault seekers. I'll come up with a better name later, but the pre-tech vaults contain the high-tech treasures from before the collapse and there are people who are searching those out. There is a future equivalent of the dark web and in that future equivalent of the dark web, there is a message board where people exchange information about the Pre-Tech vaults in the Pre-Tech the vault hunters use it to exchange ideas and information. Anyway, unknown to the characters. Someone dropped a message on that board on mentioning that there that contained information about the location of a pre-tag vault and there are two other teams that are on Nigeria searching for the Christmas ship so they are going to interact with the player characters. It's just a situation where the player characters are there with Emilio. They don't realize that Amelia's there to break out Niko Salazar not Salazar so Reno Nico sereno they think that they're just there to pick him up. They think he's an idiot. They don't realize that he's actually a genius and that he is acting like an idiot because it makes everybody underestimate him and it makes it easier for him to get things done and makes it easier for him too. You know accomplish his goals so anyway, so it's going to be a perfect storm of crossing purposes and intersecting location. It ought to be fine
