---
title: Pirates Without Plunder Session 007
updated: 2024-09-11 00:37:15Z
created: 2024-09-10 04:47:58Z
latitude: 32.85461970
longitude: -79.97481030
altitude: 0.0000
tags:
  - pwp
  - session
---

# Pirates Without Plunder Session Seven

## Jobs developed at Eric\'s Party

-   [Martis - Planet](Martis%20-%20Planet.md) is the [TL5](TL5) planet in the [Soonoror - System](Soonoror%20-%20System.md) - [Shou Narita - NPC](Shou%20Narita%20-%20NPC.md) for [Xenotech](Xenotech.md)- they have designs for [TL5](TL5)  [](Common%20Armor%20Varieties#Vestimentum|Vestimentum) armor that can be manufactured using [TL4+](TL4+) capabilities at only slightly reduced capabilities
-   Charitable - refugee crisis due to war torn [Calia - System](Calia%20-%20System.md) - [Nora Barker - NPC](Nora%20Barker%20-%20NPC.md) - [Flee for Freedom](Flee%20for%20Freedom.md) - transfering refugees to [Salima Teji - Planet](Salima%20Teji%20-%20Planet.md) in [Teciboe - System](Teciboe%20-%20System.md)
-   [Jibril Hanna - NPC](Jibril%20Hanna%20-%20NPC.md) sold [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md) a ring at his party which is actually a security key to a lost pretech facility. It was sold by accident by a bungling and now-dead [Jibril Hanna - NPC](Jibril%20Hanna%20-%20NPC.md) who is a minion of a local [Viktor Stolypin - NPC](Viktor%20Stolypin%20-%20NPC.md), who is hot after the [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md) to "reclaim" his property. [Viktor Stolypin - NPC](Viktor%20Stolypin%20-%20NPC.md) will likely wait until after the [PWP](PWP.md) defeats whatever automatic defenses and bots the facility might still support.
-   SHEAR FUN - A microscopic black hole punctures on [Manzi 3 - Research Base](Manzi%203%20-%20Research%20Base.md) above [Papadoudou - Planet](Papadoudou%20-%20Planet.md) an orbital station or starship above the world. Its interaction with the station's artificial grav generators has thrown everything out of whack, and the station's become a minefield of dangerously high or zero grav zones. It's tearing itself apart, and it's going to collapse soon. An Enemy seeks to escape aboard the last lifeboat and to hell with everyone else. Meanwhile, a Friend is trying to save his engineer daughter from the radioactive, grav-unstable engine rooms.
-   [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md)'s cousin [Emilio Alcazar - NPC](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) is responsible for safeguarding his uncle [Mario Salizar - NPC](Mario%20Salizar%20-%20NPC.md)'s cred stick containing his retirement fund to be deposited. [Emilio Alcazar - NPC](Emilio%20Alcazar%20-%20NPC.md) stopped at a coffee shop and dropped the cred stick from his pocket while paying for his order. yet the cred stick is suddenly proven to be a fake. The party must find the real object and the Enemy who stole it or else their Friend will be punished as the thief.
-   [Viktor Stolypin - NPC](Viktor%20Stolypin%20-%20NPC.md), an enemy, mistakes [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) for off-worlders who murdered his brother for pay. Think Wilson Fisk as a builder of starship components to the public and crime lord in private.
-   [Ev'ee Lucian](Ev_ee%20Lucian%20-%20PC.md)'s doctor\'s appointment - complete this transaction offline when Mary has time

## Actual Events

-   [PWP](PWP.md) returned to the rural estate that they rented through [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md)'s cousin [Vincenzo "Vinny" Salizar](Vincenzo%20Vinny%20Salizar%20-%20NPC.md) for 50% normal price. He purchased a pane of bullet proof glass and used telekinesis to hold it in front of the window as he foresaw.
-   After first burst from the sniper, [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) teleported to the roof where the shots were fired. The sniper had teleported away to a boat in the ocean nearby and the next burst of rounds was headed for [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md). He move the glass and protected himself again.
-   The maid who had been bribed with three times her wages missed in her attempt to stab [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) from behind.
-  [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) teleported to the boat where he shot, but did not kill the teleporter. The sniper and teleporter bounced back to the rooftop where they originally fired at [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) in their haste to escape. [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) followed and killed the teleporter. The sniper rolled off of the roof and parkoured to the ground and ran. [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) picked him off before he could escape and killed him after determining that he wasn\'t useful. He did get a [](Ranged%20Weapons#Projectile%20Weaponry|sniper%20rifle) and 8 rounds.
-   [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md), [Long John Silver - NPC](Long%20John%20Silver%20-%20NPC.md) and [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) shot the fleeing maid and Mike followed her to the kitchen where she collapsed. Distrustful of everyone, he attempted to kill the cook.
-   [Long John Silver - NPC](Long%20John%20Silver%20-%20NPC.md) took a kayak and headed to the boat offshore.
-   [Ev'ee Lucian](Ev_ee%20Lucian%20-%20PC.md) was in a rented workshop the whole time.
-   [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) decided to allow the cook and maid to escape once he realized that they didn't know anything.
-   When the police that the cook had just called arrived too fast, [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) and [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md) were very careful. [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md) answered the door and was almost successful bribing the dirty cop ([Officer David Haselhoff - NPC](Officer%20David%20Haselhoff%20-%20NPC.md)) when the clean cop ([Officer Bruce Willis - NPC](Officer%20Bruce%20Willis%20-%20NPC.md)) drew his weapon which [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) saw. When he shot at [Officer David Haselhoff - NPC](Officer%20David%20Haselhoff%20-%20NPC.md) and missed, [Officer Bruce Willis - NPC](Officer%20Bruce%20Willis%20-%20NPC.md) shoved [Officer David Haselhoff - NPC](Officer%20David%20Haselhoff%20-%20NPC.md) into the house and dove into the bushes calling for backup. [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) teleported into the foyer and shot [Officer David Haselhoff - NPC](Officer%20David%20Haselhoff%20-%20NPC.md) at point blank range killing him. [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md) started calling for help to lure [Officer Bruce Willis - NPC](Officer%20Bruce%20Willis%20-%20NPC.md) out of hiding, and being the stellar officer of the law that he is, [Officer Bruce Willis - NPC](Officer%20Bruce%20Willis%20-%20NPC.md) jumped into the foyer attempting to protect [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md). After an extended gun fight, [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) eventually took out [Officer Bruce Willis - NPC](Officer%20Bruce%20Willis%20-%20NPC.md) which [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md) immediately revived after [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) teleported away.
-   Just before the backup forces arrived, [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) followed the cook and maid out onto the beach and killed them. [Long John Silver - NPC](Long%20John%20Silver%20-%20NPC.md) arrived on the boat and [Elias Merten - PC](Elias%20Merten%20-%20PC.md) teleported to the boat.
-   The senior officer on the scene assigned [Officer Bruce Willis - NPC](Officer%20Bruce%20Willis%20-%20NPC.md) to take [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) and [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md) down to the police station to take their statements while the rest of the officers examine the scene of the assassination.
-  [Officer Bruce Willis - NPC](Officer%20Bruce%20Willis%20-%20NPC.md) put [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) and [Eric Magnus - PC](Eric%20Magnus%20-%20PC.md) into his squad car while he was checked out by the medical personnel on scene.
-   [Michael Jones - PC](Michael%20Jones%20-%20PC.md) used his foresight to see that when [Officer Bruce Willis - NPC](Officer%20Bruce%20Willis%20-%20NPC.md) returns to the car and starts it, the car will explode and they will die.
